Add development install example. (#285)
owncloud/ocis-charts: deployments/development-install/README.md

# oCIS development deployment example

## Introduction

This example will deploy a mostly default oCIS setup to kubernetes. The intent is that this will
work "out of the box" after a `helmfile sync`.

***Note***: This example is not intended for production use. It is intended to get a working oCIS
development running in kubernetes as quickly as possible. It is not hardened in any way.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

This example requires the following things to be installed:

- [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) cluster, with an ingress controller installed.
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/) v3
- [Helm diff](https://github.com/databus23/helm-diff)
- [Helmfile](https://github.com/roboll/helmfile)

### End result

After following the steps in this guide, you should be able to access the following endpoint, you 
may want to add these to your `/etc/hosts` file pointing to your ingress controller IP:

- https://ocis.kube.owncloud.test

> Note that if you want to use your own host, you will have to change the `externalDomain` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you want to use your own hostname and domain, you will have to change the `externalDomain` value.
```
